What do you want?
Guess what I'm going to do?
I don't know you.
Why did you hit me?
Are you going to leave in the afternoon?
Forgot of course it's okay
What bothers me the most is that you dare to rob my man
Don't talk nonsense
I have nothing to do with morning
It doesn't matter if you have anything to do with him
He protects you and you have to die
I am the president of Longshan Group
If I die
The police will try their best to catch you
The police will try their best to catch me
Do you know who I am?
Who are you?
Humph
Do you know?
not ordered
You are a princess
Hello, the phone you dialed is turned off.
You can die as me.
Even if you are a princess
You can't just kill people
I can't help it, I'm just so casual
What to do
Who dares